README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/oemof/cycle-detection/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/oemof/cycle-detection?branch=master
.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/oemof/cycle-detection.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/oemof/cycle-detection
.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/cycle-detection.svg
    :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/cycle-detection
.. image:: https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.2625698.svg
   :target: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2625698

This package implements an algorithm to detect cycles in a times series
along with their respective amplitude and and duration.
It is maintained as a standalone package within the
`Open Energy Modelling Framework <https://oemof.org/>`_.

Algorithmic results have been tested against the well known rainflow cycle counting
(RFC) method from mechanical engineering and the equivalence of both counting methods
has been proved.
The original algorithm has been developed and proposed within the following publication:

*Dambrowski, Jonny; Pichlmaier, Simon & Jossen, Andreas.
Mathematical methods for classification of state-of-charge time series for cycle lifetime prediction.
Advanced Automotive Battery Conference. Mainz, Germany. 2012.*

Thanks again to Simon Pichlmaier for sharing his code and allowing us
to port and publish the algorithm under a free license.

Documentation
=============

The probably most extensive description of the algorithm can be found in the
abovementioned paper. In addition, we have tried to document the single parts of
the algorithm as docstrings within the code.

Installation
================

If you have a working Python3 environment, use can pypi to install the latest
version.

.. code:: bash

  pip install cycle_detection

Usage
=====

The algorithm is implemented as a function which takes an array-like data
structure as argument.
Results are returned as a `pandas <https://pandas.pydata.org/>`_ dataframe.

.. code:: bash

    import pandas as pd
    from cycle_detection import detect_cycles

    # create sample data
    series = pd.Series([0, 1, 0, 0.5, 0, 1, 0, 0.5, 0, 1, 0])

    # detect cycles
    cycles = detect_cycles(series)

Citation
========

Please use our `entry on Zenodo <https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2625698>`_ to refer a specific version

License
=======

Copyright (C) 2019 oemof developing group

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation,
either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.
If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Commit message:

Add new acronym to README

README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/oemof/cycle-detection/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/oemof/cycle-detection?branch=master
.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/oemof/cycle-detection.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/oemof/cycle-detection
.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/cycle-detection.svg
    :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/cycle-detection
.. image:: https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.2625698.svg
   :target: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2625698

This package implements an algorithm to detect cycles in a times series
along with their respective amplitude and duration.
It is maintained as a standalone package within the
`Open Energy Modelling Framework <https://oemof.org/>`_.
The acronym CyDeTS stands for (Cy)cle (De)tection in (T)ime (S)eries and
is chosen to prevent confusions with cycle definitions from graph theory.

Algorithmic results have been tested against the well known rainflow cycle counting
(RFC) method from mechanical engineering and the equivalence of both counting methods
has been proved.
The original algorithm has been developed and proposed within the following publication:

*Dambrowski, Jonny; Pichlmaier, Simon & Jossen, Andreas.
Mathematical methods for classification of state-of-charge time series for cycle lifetime prediction.
Advanced Automotive Battery Conference. Mainz, Germany. 2012.*

Thanks again to Simon Pichlmaier for sharing his code and allowing us
to port and publish the algorithm under a free license.

Documentation
=============

The probably most extensive description of the algorithm can be found in the
abovementioned paper. In addition, we have tried to document the single parts of
the algorithm as docstrings within the code.

Installation
================

If you have a working Python3 environment, use can pypi to install the latest
version.

.. code:: bash

  pip install cydets

Usage
=====

The algorithm is implemented as a function which takes an array-like data
structure as argument.
Results are returned as a `pandas <https://pandas.pydata.org/>`_ dataframe.

.. code:: bash

    import pandas as pd
    from cycle_detection import detect_cycles

    # create sample data
    series = pd.Series([0, 1, 0, 0.5, 0, 1, 0, 0.5, 0, 1, 0])

    # detect cycles
    cycles = detect_cycles(series)

Citation
========

Please use our `entry on Zenodo <https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2625698>`_ to refer a specific version

License
=======

Copyright (C) 2019 oemof developing group

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation,
either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.
If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
